---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ironic Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Terraform provider for Ironic

This is a terraform provider that lets you provision baremetal servers managed by Ironic.

## Provider

Currently the provider only supports standalone noauth Ironic.  At a
minimum, the Ironic endpoint URL must be specified. The user may also
optionally specify an API microversion.

If you are using Ironic inspector, you may also specify the inspector
URL if you'd like to use the introspection data source.

The timeout option sets the number of seconds that the provider will wait
for the Ironic or Inspector API's to become available. This is useful in cases
where another terraform provider is responsible for bringing up the Ironic
infrastructure.

```terraform
provider "ironic" {
  url          = "http://localhost:6385/v1"
  inspector    = "http://localhost:5050/v1"
  microversion = "1.52"
  timeout      = 900
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth_strategy` (String) Determine the strategy to use for authentication with Ironic services, Possible values: noauth, http_basic. Defaults to noauth.
- `inspector` (String) The endpoint for Ironic inspector
- `inspector_password` (String, Sensitive) Username to be used by Ironic Inspector when using `http_basic` authentication
- `inspector_username` (String) Username to be used by Ironic Inspector when using `http_basic` authentication
- `ironic_password` (String, Sensitive) Password to be used by Ironic when using `http_basic` authentication
- `ironic_username` (String) Username to be used by Ironic when using `http_basic` authentication
- `microversion` (String) The microversion to use for Ironic
- `timeout` (Number) Wait at least the specified number of seconds for the API to become available
- `url` (String) The authentication endpoint for Ironic
